Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining us again today. We'll
pray again tonight, but I'm
already late. I told Braden
we'll try to do it quickly because I'm
already
past
time.
All right. I want to go over
some things that were on my
heart. I was going to tell you yesterday
about what I was praying about
the 25th Amendment and President Trump.
I keep praying against
this coup, praying against
the attack
that will try in the days ahead to
overthrow him. I'm praying against
what I saw, a new
January 6th moment for
the nation trying to come about.
Everybody has been watching his
health, him going to the doctors,
them giving him his reports, and
showing that his mind is right.
As I have been praying, he is refusing
accusations
with doctor's reports, saying, 'Listen, I
am fit to hold office. I am fit
mentally to hold office. I passed the
test. I'm good. I'm
80 years old next week, and
I'm good. I'm able to hold office. I'm
able to do it well, and I'm not
compromised.'I
truly believe that's
what he's doing right now is
establishing a foundation against
the 25th Amendment, trying to remove
him for not being able to
perform the duties of the
President of the United States. He is trying to
defuse
any kind of coup against him.
That's what I've been praying, and
the fruit of it is there because he has
these doctor's reports. People go,
'If he's healthy, why does he
keep going and getting all these tests
done? Why does he have to have his
heart scanned all the
time?'Because
he's trying to defuse
the outcome
before it even starts. They
are
trying to say, 'Hey,
he's not able to hold office.
He's not able to anymore.
His mind's not right. He's not ready.
He's overcoming
dementia,'or
whatever they would try to say. They
didn't do that with Creepy Joe. But I
saw this in the spirit, praying
to silence this, because the Lord said,
'I have a plan for him, and he
is
going to
finish.'We
pray for him against that antichrist spirit
trying to come and hover
over his mind—that demonic spirit that
was in the Oval Office, up in a
perch hiding, that would come out and peck
his mind.
Take
no counsel from ungodly
people. Just because they don't have an
Ivy League or Harvard
education, being a
person that is filled with and controlled by
the Holy Ghost doesn't mean
you're not smart. Even if you
don't have a college degree—a bachelor's, a
master's, or a
doctorate—putting
people around him
who
are hearing the Holy Spirit will
help give godly counsel. The Bible says,
'Take no counsel from the ungodly.'And so
that's what I was praying for:
his health, his body, his mind, his
emotions, getting good
sleep at night, and not acting out in anger or a
spirit of
pride.
Some people deal with certain
things. Some deal with
anger issues, some with
pride issues, some with lust
issues, and some with addiction
issues. If you have a
pride issue and there is already
a familiar spirit
that knows you, the devil knows
where your weaknesses are. He studies
you. He knows where your strengths and weaknesses are.
He knows,
'If I can come at this,
I can take him
out.'So
if you are already dealing with
arrogance
or
pride, he will try to magnify that because
he knows God resists the
proud.
He is strategic; he's a
chess player. People always try to
say the devil's dumb. The devil's not
dumb.
The devil knows the scripture better
than we do. That's why when
he manifested and tried to talk
to me, the Lord said, 'Don't entertain
him, because he knows
more scripture than you ever
thought about knowing. He knows how to
twist it and use it against you.'He
is
the accuser of the brethren.
That's why I
am
praying for President Trump, praying for
the covering over his mind so that he
lives long and finishes strong. I pray that he makes it
across the finish line,
to cover him so that pride doesn't set in—so
he doesn't
get arrogant, saying, 'I want to be on the $250 bill. I
want to be on the face of that. I'm not
dead yet, but I want to be the man.'And
to
the people around him,
the Trump worshipers:
he's
just a man like
everybody else. But God will anoint a
man to lead. The heart of the king is in the hand
of the Lord. I
am
praying for humility, praying for a
humble heart. 'If my people who are
called by my name will humble themselves,
pray, and turn from their wicked
ways.'It's
all about humbling.
It's about surrendering all, like we
talked about last night. The Holy Spirit
said, 'That's all I wanted.'I said, 'You don't
want me to pray anything?'He
is
looking for surrender in His people, to
surrender all. 'All to thee, my
blessed Savior. All to Him I freely
give.'We
give it freely
because we have free will. I just
surrender all to You. God can use
the humble.
Humility is what He's looking for, not
pride.
He
always says, 'These people are
stiff-necked
to me. They're
stiff-necked.
Their heart is not for
me. Their heart is not for me, Brandon.
Their nose is turned up
before me.'I
am
praying for Trump to stay on the
path of humility. I saw he was in the
valley of decision again concerning
Israel, the war,
and
major decisions.
This is a make-or-break time again
concerning the nation
in
the valley of decision.
How will he handle Israel? How will he
handle America in the days ahead? Humble
yourself underneath the mighty
hand of the Lord.
I believe with all my heart
he
will make the right choices.
Let's pray for him again tonight. We'll
pray for his family,
his children,
his marriage, and his
health. He is 80 years
old. This is an important
milestone in
a
person's life; making it to 80 is a big
deal. My grandfather didn't make it to
80; he was 76. There are so many people
who
don't make it to 80,
so that's a big deal. His
health seems to be good based on what the
doctor says. So we will
continue
to pray for him, for his mind and his
emotions, that he would
not be hotheaded, but that he would just
flow with the Spirit of the Lord. I
believe that's what it's going to take
to get him to the other side of this, to
live long and finish strong. We're
going to continue to pray for our
president. Regarding the 25th Amendment,
why the doctor's reports? Why is he
doing this? Because it defuses the
haters. It defuses their right
to say, 'See, he's not
able to hold office. His health isn't
right.''Well,
I got a good
health report. So, what's your excuse
now? Are you still going to try to pull me out?
My mind is right. See, I did the
doctor's report. You can't pull me out.'So,
it defuses
it.
Do you see it? That's why I
asked,
'Why is he doing this?'And the Lord
told me, 'This is why. What you saw is
why.'The
Lord
has
been talking to me just like
that—pop,
pop, pop.
He said, 'The doctor's report
defuses
the 25th Amendment
and
the
coup.'So
if you're watching tonight, sir, we
pray for you. We love you. We pray for
you. We honor your position, we
pray for your family, and we're praying
for your marriage. We pray for all of it,
that you live long and finish strong,
sir. And there's no
other God to us. You're not God. You're
just our president. And we love
you. We pray for you just like we pray
for our pastors. We pray for our
teachers, our evangelists. But Jesus is
coming, sir. And we're so excited that
He's coming. You're just helping
usher
in the King.
He's coming. Jesus is coming, sir. And
so we're so excited that our King is
coming. And I want to say
this—people
get real upset. They say, 'Well,
Brandon, you know that I have a lot
of the world come over here and watch.
They say, "Why are you picking at the
Muslims?"'I'm
not picking at Muslims.
The Muslims are leading you to hell. And
there's no other way to heaven other
than the Lord Jesus Christ. Confess your
sins, and He is faithful and just to
forgive you of your sins, and He will
cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
Jesus Christ is the only way.
You must know Jesus. You must have a
relationship. You must invite Jesus
Christ to be your Lord and personal
Savior. Muhammad will not get you to
heaven.
There's no virgins if you commit
jihad.
There's nothing. You will go to
hell for eternity.
There's only one way to the Father, and
that's the Lord Jesus Christ. Buddha
can't save you. Muhammad can't save you.
The devil's sure not going to save you.
There's only one who can save you, and
that's Jesus. So, I want to encourage
you tonight. I'm not picking at other
religions. I'm just trying to shed light
on there's deception and people are
going to hell. And that's my job as a
watchman to warn you that there's no
other way to the Father other than the
Lord Jesus Christ. He's the only way. He
is the truth. He is the light, and there
is no other one before Him. Jesus.
Jesus. The name of Jesus is above every
name. And so people need to know that.
So people think I'm trying to stir up
strife, and I'm like, 'No,
no, no, you don't
understand. This is not strife. This is
just the truth. I'm telling you the
truth, and you don't like to hear
it.'So
that's why I try to talk to the world. I
try to tell you. I tell you in love.
That's just love. You need
to know Jesus Christ died for you, and He
suffered for you. He paid the price for
you not to go to hell. You choose hell.
He paid the price for you not to go
to hell. Jesus loves you, and He wants
you. Read John over and over
and over again. Are you a whosoever?
I'm a whosoever.
I believe in Him. Should not, will not
perish, but have everlasting life. I
believe you can be a whosoever. It's
your choice.
For God so loved the world that He
gave.
So that's part of it. But I just
want to say that right off the bat.
Those are the things I'm praying over. As
far as all the other things, I pray about
the border and all that. There's a lot
there. There's a lot there. Praying over
Madison Square Garden. Now, when
President Trump today announced that
he's going to the NBA game
at
Madison Square Garden, security is at an
all-time high. So, he probably did those
people a favor.
I don't feel danger concerning his life
concerning this. I believe he did
Madison Square Garden and the people
attending the basketball game a huge
favor.
Huge, and they don't even realize it.
By him going, they've increased the
security by
huge amounts. So regardless, the
haters are going to hate, but he just saved
your life. Could have, because I believe
they'll have more security
underneath the stadium, subways; they'll
have more security in that city than
you could ever imagine because our
president's there. They'll have FBI,
they'll have everybody. They'll have
more
bomb-sniffing
dogs and everything else around that
place. There'll be nothing come around
that stadium. So, if anything,
President Trump just did something good
for those folks, continuing to pray over
this event, continuing to pray over
the soccer game, the football game,
the soccer at MetLife, praying
over New York, praying over these major
games.
You know, so we see Trump
expected to attend Knicks-Spurs NBA
final game the third at Madison Square.
So look at all the police they
already got going there.
So there's a lot of security already
there and probably already sweeping the
building, making sure it's safe.
So interesting to me, you know. So we
keep praying for our president. We'll
pray for protection concerning this
basketball game, and continue to
cover Madison Square Garden. And
that's what our job is. We don't stop
just because we see things in the
spirit. We see it. And I believe
it's to prevent it, to pray,
to intercede. Now, what have
we seen concerning this? I said I
see a new Ground Zero.
Now, I believe what I'm seeing is
still Chicago, but
I can't pinpoint it yet. But the Lord
said a new Ground Zero. Subways,
mass transit—praying over
our mass transit concerning subways and
flooding the Northeast River
into the subway system by
blowing it up and letting water flow
into it to drown the people. And I saw a
major attack with a river coming out of a
bank coming into a subway by a device,
a major device causing water to flow and
fill the tunnel up so that they can't
get out and they
drown.
It sounds like some kind of Batman
movie, but that's what I saw. But
we will continue to pray and
praying over fires for rioting. Now,
we're seeing Paris
go through major stuff right
now. What I saw concerning Paris, I said
I saw the Eiffel Tower, I saw fires
burning throughout Paris.
I've said this so many times.
I said, 'This is not normal. This is a
black swan event. This is an event that
is being brought on by the government of
France.'This
is not normal. These are like paid
demonstrators.
This is what I said over and over again.
I see paid demonstrators setting
things on fire.
This is—I kept telling y'all there will
be a black swan event. Major people
go, 'What's a black swan
event?'Whenever
it's not terrorists, it's
your own government doing something.
There's something happening, is what I
saw. And I said, 'When they light Paris
on fire and they start rioting out of
nowhere,'that's
what I saw. I saw people
burning trash cans and cars and
buildings, and there was smoke burning up
from the Eiffel Tower, and there was all
kinds of fires everywhere. And I said, 'I
saw Emmanuel Macron on a black swan, and
he was riding it down the
river.'And
I put it on the cartoon for
you, the little picture, and I said he
had a—it was about the Olympics and
praying over this time frame, praying
over this. I see Olympics. I see
an event. Well, it's a soccer game, it
wasn't Olympics. See, I see in part here,
in part, and when you add to anything,
it's bad, you mess up. But I see an
event, and I told everybody, I said,
'Pray over this. I see it on fire.
There's a major uprising about to happen
in Paris.'But I said this is about
bringing forth the Antichrist spirit and
control for digital ID, for bringing
forth control over the people, that they
will lose their freedoms
through a police state
on a greater level. A police state will
come out of this, and it will spread
through Australia,
Italy, Germany, England, and it will
start to spread like a cancer throughout
Europe.
Does anybody remember this stuff?
Braden, you do.
Brad said, 'Oh, yeah.'Do you have your
microphone on?
You have to watch it because Megan's
kind of fussy tonight. So we
will continue to pray for Europe. A
major revival is about to take place. A
major shaking to awaken is coming to the
nations, and it will spread throughout
Africa. It will spread. Look at this.
Look what's going on here.
This is Mexico.
Okay. This is Mexico.
Yeah.
What's going on with Mexico?
I don't know what they're even doing,
but they're mad about
their soccer. I think
they're mad about soccer, too.
I think so. Why is everybody upset about
soccer? It's a fun thing to watch.
People are nuts. But see, it's not
right. It's the same kind of spirit. I
told you the antichrist spirit will come
and people will start acting stupid
when their church is raptured
and they will start burning things down.
It's the same kind of spirit on people.
This is it. They don't think right. It's
groupthink.
It's groupthink. Like Diana learned in
college, she's always talking about
groupthink.
People think when everybody
sees
everybody together, a crowd
starts
thinking groupthink and they start
acting nuts.
But that
doesn't
even make sense. Why are they
doing that?
They're destroying stuff. There are gangs
and stuff.
So an uprising of civil unrest is
happening obviously around the world.
We have a major protest on the 14th for no
kings. I have a great caution concerning
this to pray. Praying for the no kings
rally that will be around New York, New
Jersey for President Trump on his
birthday with the 250th
Braden.
Yeah. What I'm talking
about is with the
soccer game,
the World
Cup, and praying for his birthday,
praying for this between now
going all the way to July the 4th,
praying over this time frame, praying
over for a major uprising and terrorist
attack, terror in the heartland, praying
for the Riverwalk, praying for San
Antonio tonight. They're having a
basketball game there right now. It's
the fourth quarter. It looks
like the Knicks are up. I don't want to
spoil it for nobody if they're watching,
because I'd be like, "Don't tell
me."Is
that right? Everything today.
Yeah. He said he
was going to enjoy doing that.
Okay. Anything you want, any news
today? I kind of covered everything that
I've been praying over.
Okay. And then you had this guy.
US-Iran
tech boss arrested at 35 million
mansion on charges of selling US
hardware to Iranian military and nuclear
programs.
Wow, he was rich.
Yeah,
$35 million house. Look at that house,
it's beautiful. And that's
in California.
I believe so.
So he's selling that to Iran.
Our secrets.
Yeah, all hardware. I
wonder what does that mean.
Computers.
Yeah, computers.
The feds have just raided a 35 million
mansion for an Iran tech boss, leaving
the Californian accused of sending US
computer equipment to Iran's military and
nuclear programs.
Interesting.
I wonder if he's sending
them Apple computers.
Well, what kind of computers
do you give?
Yeah. And then this guy was saying,
they're saying he was unwilling to say
Britain
is a Christian country
or whatever.
Okay, play that.
Is Britain still a Christian
country?
The prime minister, if you don't mind,
are we still a Christian country?
No. Look, I mean, in terms of a Christian
country, I was Christian. So that
is,
my church has been all my life, and
we are, you know, that is wired into
our informal constitution. Of course,
we celebrate many other faiths as well
and I'm really proud that we're able to
do so as a country.
Next,
and then they're saying
hosting of
Tasmania.
Is your microphone on?
Yeah.
Talk to them.
Okay. Putin is hosting the president of
Tasmania in the Kremlin supposedly.
Yeah,
play that.
Okay. And then
Iran struck an airport
in Kuwait.
I don't know if that has audio. I don't
want to make sure it doesn't have audio.
Okay. Yeah. So, Iran struck an
airport in Kuwait.
This is the other view of it.
Is that the one?
Oh, yeah. That's what happened with
Kuwait today. Iran
struck
the airport in Kuwait and
it was their drone going into it.
I thought they were out of stuff.
Yeah, I know.
They're obviously not. Okay, now this is
neat right here.
Look at the red wave. Now, play this.
This is neat. I'm excited about this.
This is what I saw. I said I saw a red
wave starting out from where it's at right
here over Nevada, and it went over the
ocean over California. And the
Lord said, "Praying for a wave. Pray for
a red wave concerning
midterms."And
I saw a red wave and revival
starting to break out in California. The
Lord said, "Pray for this."It will be a
shock and awe. And the same last night
we saw for Minnesota, I saw a blanket
coming up over Minnesota and a beautiful
blanket was wrapped around Minnesota.
And I was praying for Minnesota for a
red wave, a beautiful... And you say,
"Well, why?"People would say, "Well,
Brandon, why do you... I see change
coming.
I see change."The Lord said, "Pray for
change. Pray for revival. Pray for a
fresh touch from my presence on these
states."And
so, go ahead
and show this. We do have
some of that, as we said, some of that
early vote is now in in Los Angeles.
This looks like it did with that vote by
mail. It doesn't look like that gap
between Becerra and Steyer has changed much
here. Again, this is where
Becerra
represented. So, there'd have to be
either some change with that polling
place vote or it's just going to have to
be such a flood of Democratic ballots
coming in after, you know, being
tabulated after election night or
into the wee hours this morning that
would just lift both Democrats
over Hilton. That's increasingly what
it needs to be for
Steyer.
Is
this right now, son?
Yeah, I guess so. Yeah, they're saying I
don't know, is Hamilton.
Yeah.
So is that for what?
Primaries.
The primaries.
Yeah.
So he's ahead by quite a bit, looked
like.
Yeah.
A primary for what though, buddy?
California election.
They need a
morning.
I know. But is it for a
mayor, governor,
senate, house,
voter ID? No mail-in here. If
Republicans like John,
they're saying governor.
Governor,
that's what they're saying.
Wow, that's amazing.
So, bye-bye
Newsom.
He'll be slithering on his belly up to
the White House trying to at least with
his forked tongue, licking the dirt as
he goes. I saw him.
Yeah, they're all saying governor.
So, governor. So, he's ahead for
governor. That's great. And then if
Spencer Pratt gets mayor.
Yeah,
that would be fantastic, wouldn't it?
That would be a red wave. So, and then
we just got to get Nancy Pelosi out of
there and get a red seat in there,
and Nancy Pelosi's done. Wouldn't that
be wonderful? California has a revival
coming. Look at that. People are fed up,
fed up with the corruption. Y'all, we
just got to pray for no voter fraud.
Too big to rig in
Jesus'name.
Wouldn't that be wonderful? So, this is
just primary. So, then we... No, there
are
bad words
in the comments.
It's not on screen.
California.
Okay. Yeah.
Final LA. No, it's fine. People are just
foul.
Yeah, it didn't show up on screen.
It's good.
California officials warn final LA
mayor election results could take weeks.
I wonder why. It's
going to take weeks to figure out all
these ballots we have to make up. We
have to go in the back and we'll pay the
people to make these ballots. It's going
to take weeks
to find all these ballots
with the 54% of voter counted, you know,
cause
we are just really behind and
we got to hire some extra people. We
don't know what we're doing, you know,
we haven't done this for the last
hundred-some
years plus, and, you know,
it's a big deal. So, we got to figure it
out, you know, hire some extra people.
So, it might take weeks to figure out if
Spencer won or not because we
don't like him. And we got to make
sure that those fake ballots from
your dead uncle that voted get
counted. It's real important to us that
your dead uncle has a vote still.
And your dog. We heard about your dog.
He wanted a vote too, right? And the cat,
because
he's a registered voter, and we
want to make sure that one's there, too.
So, we got to get it ready because we
know the 2028 election's coming and
we'll have that ready for you.
Sad?
Yeah.
So, I didn't know Alfred voted. He's
been dead for 20 years now.
It's going to take us a
long time.
Well, look at that. We found an extra
10,000 votes.
You ready? Anything else?
Yeah. Is it the other one?
But there's your Red Wave. It's
happening just like the Lord said. Pray.
And right where that line is,
I've seen it breaking off into the
water. You see all that blue? It is
oceanfront property. And we ain't saying
it's
bad. I'm just saying I've seen a great
earthquake.
Ready?
Yep. And then you had Trump
saying that he called, whatever.
Oh yeah, we saw him talk. Go ahead and
play this.
You had a phone call with Bibi Netanyahu,
the prime minister of Israel, in which
you were angry with him. You said, 'Are
you effing crazy? What are you effing
doing? I helped you stay out of
jail.'Is
that true? Did you speak to him
in those terms?
I did. I wouldn't say angry. I was a
little bit perturbed at his
constantly fighting with Lebanon. You
know, at some point I said maybe we got
to stop this. We got to stop it. But I
have a very good relationship. We've
done well together. He always
says we could never have done it, but
everybody knows that we could have never
done it without the United States. But
we've worked very well
together. I like Bibi a lot. And I've
worked very well with him. We had, you
know, where I'm a wartime president,
he's a wartime prime minister. Very
important part of the world.
And I think we've done, you know, very
well. We've gotten along very well
together.
He even confessed. I said Trump will be
known as a wartime president.
That was before he won.
And that was the word right
before the election of
2024. And the Lord said Trump will
be known as a wartime president.
But he came out of the box
saying, 'I'm going to be a man of peace
and I want the Nobel Peace
Prize.'Remember
that? And the Lord said, 'No,
he will be known as a wartime
president.'And
I kept hearing,
'War, war, war, war, war, war,'and it was
echoing. And then I was praying for
Ukraine. I saw Ukraine. I saw all these
things. And then I was praying for peace
concerning that, and a diffusing
of things. And I saw Zelensky being
taken out by an assassin.
Go ahead.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
That's it.
Yeah.
Well, that was good. I enjoyed that one.
Yeah. And then he
reacted to Trump himself.
Oh, we got to hear what he has to say.
What's his rebuttal
that he said, 'You're effing
crazy.'How
did you react to that?
What really happened in that call? Well,
sometimes we have, as in the best of
families, these tactical
disagreements. We always find a way to
work them out, and we do so as
great friends. We can disagree in the
morning and by the afternoon we have
common action.
Wow, that's a huge statement.
So, we're buddies again.
That's great. Yeah,
indeed.
At least they can cuss each other
and not completely sever a
relationship.
That takes something.
Yeah. And this guy is saying
that there are all these Russians
dying. I mean, he's part of NATO,
but... Yeah.
Who?
This guy is from NATO, but
he's saying all these Russians are
dying.
What Russians are dying? You mean
the soldiers?
Yeah, the soldiers. Yeah,
NATO. Okay. Let's listen to him.
I have to say something here, but I need
to say it to young Russians and their
families.
You are being sold a raw deal.
Men like you who join the fight, you
won't be trained.
The equipment they'll provide you is
substandard.
There's a very high chance you'll die or
be wounded while you're out there.
And the odds are that if you are
wounded, you will be left to suffer in
the mud and die.
So when we talk about tens of thousands
of Russian casualties,
that's not abstract.
That will probably be you.
Wow.
So that's interesting.
Yeah. But does that mean any more
Ukrainians go home, you know?
The whole thing is crazy.
The whole thing is crazy. Yeah.
Okay, that's it.
Just don't join NATO. Here we go. Now,
this is interesting. Now, I don't know
this man, okay? And I want to say that,
and I'm not poking at it.
I just remember what the word of the
Lord said, that there'll be people
preaching behind platforms and they'll
fall over dead. First Corinthians 5:5, okay?
And this is interesting to me. That's
all I'm going to say about this. This is
interesting to me. Now watch.
Play it.
So, we're going to pray now,
and we're going to intercede for the
nations and we're going to pray for the
churches. We're going to pray for
revival. We're going to pray for a
shaking in the churches. We're going to
pray for a major wakeup, for He's
going to bring the bride to His side.
And First Corinthians 5:5 is coming. He said
over the summer months, you'll see
people behind pulpits and they'll
fall over dead as they preach, for
First
Corinthians 5:5 will come to full
manifestation.
And you'll see things. You're going to
see great leaders go home. You're going
to see people with huge platforms go
home.
And you'll see new Davids rise up, new
faces. He said, 'A refining fire is
taking place, for judgment begins in the
house of the Lord first,
and to whom much is given, much is
required.'And
they said, 'I've always done it this
way. We've always done it this
way.'And
He said, 'Brandon, there will be no more
of the way you used to do it.
Behold, I'm going to do something new.
For the way you used to do it was for
that generation.
But what I'm going to do is something
new that's never been seen before on
this Earth. So if you are a bump in the
road, you better move out of the road.
If you say this is the way we're going
to do it now because this is the way we
did it then, you better get out of the
way. I warn you, follow the voice of the
Lord and whatever He tells you to do, do
it. It may not be what you want to do
because we've always done it that way.
Do what He tells you to do.
Follow the voice of the Lord.
Listen to Him and listen to Him again.
Take your preconceived ideas of how you
think it should be out and say, "God,
here am I. I surrender all."Like we
were talking about last night. I'm
looking for surrender, Brandon.
That's what I want tonight. Surrender.
And that's what we sang over and over
and over again: I surrender all. Because
He's looking for a heart that will just
be yielded.
And I saw a refining taking place over
major ministry, a
refining.
And I saw that the greater glory
comes on the leaders with refining.
Refining is the qualification
for
the
acceleration.
Refining is qualification
for acceleration.
You qualify,
and there's going to be a qualification
for acceleration, and the greater glory
is coming on the bride.
And there'll be faces that you've never
seen before getting ready to step on the
scene. You're going to go, "Who is this
person?"Their
roots are way deep. The
taproot
of that individual will be way
deep for the qualification of where they
are.
So don't despise them.
Be watchful over who you listen to,
though.
If the spirit of the Lord is there and
you see the miracles and the signs and
wonders, even test it then.
Test it. Watch. Test the spirits. Make
sure. Because even the devil's crowd
will do signs and wonders to try to
deceive the nations because they'll
preach a double-sided gospel. There's
only one way to the Father, and that's
the Lord Jesus Christ. If they preach
anything other than that, run.
Jesus is the way.
The word of God is the only truth.
You must read your Bible and pray. This
is waterproof. I got this for the end
times because I wanted somebody, if
because I know I'm going in the rapture
and I know that there'll be family or
whoever that gets left. And this is
a waterproof Bible. So, this is my
waterproof Bible. And you
can dip this in the lake
or whatever, a stream or whatever, and
it won't ruin it. The pages are
waterproof. The pages won't mess up. So,
you can get it completely submerged in
water and it will never mess this Bible
up. So, I got it because it's
something you could take in the woods.
I was proud of it. Diana found it for
me. She goes, "Hey, I found this."And I
said, "This is the coolest thing
ever."The
pages are like plastic.
They're real,
you know, so it's kind of neat. I figure
it would be somebody that gets
left
because the Bibles will be hard to come
by.
But you need to read your Bible and you
need to make the word of God a foundation
in your life before you listen to any
YouTube channels or anything. You need
to have a foundation of the word inside
of you.
"I will hide his word in my heart that I
might not sin against him."Have great
discernment,
even more so in these last days, of who
you're listening to and who's allowed to
impart into you. I don't allow people to
touch me.
I
will shake your hand, I'll pray for you
or whatever, but very often I'll
not allow people just to touch me.
I don't allow people to touch my
kids either or my wife. It's a rule,
period.
Do not lay hands on a man
suddenly. And I've learned the hard way
from that.
Don't allow people just to be
touching you. Be watchful over who
imparts inside of you, to your spirit.
Just always touching, "Oh, lay hands on
me, brother. I want some of
that."No,
no, no. I don't know what you
got. You ain't touching me.
Be more discerning on who lays hands on
you.
Watch their fruit. People say, "I want
to pray for your daughter."No, no, no.
I don't
know you. I know you mean well, but
you're not touching my child unless I
know you. You're not imparting nothing.
Witches try to do it. Warlocks try to
touch you. They want to impart. They
want to touch you. No, you ain't
touching me. I don't mean to be rude,
but you've just got to use more
wisdom in these last days.
You have to use more wisdom.
Watch and see the fruit before you let
them impart their stuff. I
trust Billy Burke. I'm going to be honest with
you, he's a genuine man of
God. And of anybody that I trust, I
trust Billy Burke. And I've talked to
him on the phone and in person, and
there's not very many people that I
would say I would trust my life to.
There's people that I go, "I trust Billy
Burke. He's a good man.
You can pray for me
anytime."There's
not very many though that I
would ever let just touch me. Pastor
Candace, there's Billy Brim. There's
people that I know that are genuine,
but there's just not very many that I
would just let them touch me.
You need to be smart.
Discerning is a better way. You need to
use your head, but you need to be
discerning in your spirit of who is
imparting into you.
Does that make sense? Y'all need
to come up higher. There's a lot of it
on YouTube. There's a lot of weirdness,
and there will be more
and more in the days ahead. So, I try to
encourage you to have a filter. Use your
spiritual filter and filter that water.
There's a river coming out of somebody,
but you got to filter it. Filter their
water.
Filter the water that's coming out of
them.
Make sure it's good.
Don't just drink everything you hear.
Filter it through your spiritual
discernment and filter it through the
word. Filter your water. "I have a river
of life flowing out of me that makes the
lame to walk and the blind to see.
Open prison doors, set the captives
free. I got a river of life flowing out
of me."Filter the water.
Filter it. Make sure what you're hearing
is right. Filter it through the word.
Don't just drink it. And don't let
people impart into you by laying
hands on you.
So wisdom of the day, huh?
People will let you down.
So you got to know there's a lot of
stuff. And the more we get into this in
the end times, you're going to see more
and more and you'll be like, "Man, I
watched them for years.
I let that come
into my house for years."That is very
disappointing. I go, "Yeah, I remember
that."In
the
'90s,
I remember when they first started, they
had nothing.
I remember. Do you know I remember when
Joyce Meyer first started?
I remember one of her
first meetings. She came to Calvary
Cathedral
at Bob Nichols'church
in
Fort Worth, Texas. And we went to
Joyce Meyer's, one of her first meetings.
She had big hair, big bangs, big hair.
She was just starting out.
I remember it.
I remember when a man named Tim
Storey
started out. I don't even know where he
is anymore. There's
people you start out, you watch them,
and
I remember their ministries.
You know what I'm saying? They come and
they go.
People come and they go. I always talk
about what is longevity in ministry.
Billy is always talking
about longevity. How do you have
longevity in ministry? And I
meditate on what he says because he's
been in ministry for
a lot longer than I've been
alive. He's been preaching the gospel.
So, I listen to people who've been in it
for a long time. I listen to Billy Brim
who's been in it. A woman
in
what you want to call a
Christian
man's world preaching, where they say, "Well, we don't
want women preaching behind our pulpit,
we don't want this."She's been through
hell and still stands strong
without a husband. Her husband went home
to be with the Lord and she's still standing
strong all these years. You listen to
people who've been through
some fire and you go, "Wow, and you're
still going."Raising four kids by
herself.
Her husband passed away. She had four kids.
Beautiful kids. All good kids. All love
the Lord. None of them heathens. You go,
"Where's the one? Well, he's out doing
drugs. We don't know where he's
at."All
love the Lord. All serve in ministry.
By herself,
she
didn't have a husband helping her, but
kept them all together. And they all
are prayer warriors, and I'd let any of
those
people pray for me. And you go,
"Hmm,
there's fruit behind what they say and
they're not flaky."You have to get
behind people who are not flaky.
When you look at the fruit of the kids,
you watch the children. When you say who
you are, I watch your kids. Let me see
your kids.
Because you train up a child in the way
they should go and when they get older,
they'll not depart from it. Right?
That's what the Bible says. So, I look
at the fruit of the children. And
I'm not picking at people. If you have
kids that are messed up and everything,
they'll come back. Things happen. But I
always look at the older kids. How are
they doing right now? How are things
going? So, I'm not trying to judge.
That's just why I'm telling you my
thermostat of what I watch for. How are
things going with your kids? Are they
bickering? Are they in strife? What's
going on? Are they fighting over the
ministry? Are they trying to kill each other
right now? What's going on?
Watch the fruits
and you can see the roots.
You know,
how are your children? How are you?
How's your marriage? I want to look at
your marriage.
How's the marriage going?
Does your wife honor you? Do you honor
your wife?
It's good. You can parrot a lot of things
behind the stage and on camera. You can
say a lot of things, but what are you
like when the camera is off?
Is the gospel you preach real to you?
Is there fruit behind what you believe?
Brandon's thoughts for the
day.
Father, I just thank you for
the body. I thank you for every single
person who's here tonight. We're so
grateful for every single one of them.
Lord, we lift up this time before you
and President Trump. And
we thank you, Lord, for our nation.
We thank you, Father, for the fruits.
Father, I thank you for the roots.
And Father, we're so grateful for every
single person that spends their quality
time praying with us. We don't take it
lightly, for many hands make light work.
We lift up this body before you. And I
believe that tonight there's a lot of
people that are getting their
healings, their manifestations of what
they're believing for. Father, there's
complete breakthrough. Father,
there's no more of this drama going on
in our life, but today is
the expiration date of the drama. And we
lift up this body and we praise you,
Father, for our kids, for our
children, for our health, for our
marriages, for all of it. God, we thank
you, Lord, that there's deliverance,
there's healings.
Father, like my Megan, Lord, I thank you
that she's healed. I thank you, Lord,
that by your stripes, Lord, Megan is
healed. Thank you for Braden. Thank you
for Paisley. Thank you, Lord, for my
wife. Thank you, Lord, for what
you've provided for us. Thank you, Lord,
for all that you've done for us.
Thank you, Lord, that we
are in unity and everything is
good. Father, there's health and
healing and wellness on all of us. Thank
you, Lord. That's how you pray. You
just keep going. Thank you, Lord, for
our unsaved loved ones, that they'll know
you.
Thank you, Father, that love is king in
our homes. Love is king in our children.
Love is king in us. Love is king.
Father, I thank you for filters,
that we filter the water that we're
drinking.
We filter the water through the word. We
filter the water through the
blood.
But we take this body right now in the
name of Jesus, and we give you all the
glory, honor, and praise
that we have discernment in these last
days of who's imparting into our life.
And we take this body in the name of
Jesus, and we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise that today is the day for
our expiration date for what we're
believing for. And we thank you, Lord.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we apply the blood.
We apply the blood. We make much of the
blood. We thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We apply the blood.
Thank you for the blood.
We're so grateful.
It never loses its power. Every time I
come to your throne, Lord, I sit at your
feet.
I
humble myself before you.
We take this blood right now in
Jesus'name,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood, Father, in the name
of Jesus. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for my heart, for my
body, for all of us. We're healthy,
whole, and well—not just our physical
hearts, but our spiritual hearts.
We test our thermostats.
We make sure we're right before you by
surrendering all.
We test our spiritual hearts.
We give you all,
we surrender all.
Thank you for the blood, Lord, in
Jesus'name.
It's personal.
Play it again, sing it again, that one
song tonight. We'll sing it—that was the
highlight of my night last night: 'I
Surrender All.'And then let's jump in
this river; we have work to do.
'All to Jesus
I
surrender,
all
to him I freely
give.
I
will ever
love
and trust him, in
his presence
daily
live.
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my blessed
Savior,
I
surrender
all.'Verse
again:
'All
to Jesus
I
surrender,
all to him I freely
give.
I
will ever
love
and trust him, in
his presence
daily
live.
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my blessed
Savior,
I
surrender
all.
I surrender all.
I
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my blessed
Savior,
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my
blessed
Savior,
I
surrender
all.
I surrender my life.
I surrender my all to you.
Take all of me.
We
surrender
all.
We
surrender
all.
All to you, my blessed
Savior,
we
surrender.
Oh,
there's
something there at the blessed
surrender.
We
surrender
all.
I surrender it all. Lord,
we
surrender
all
to thee, my blessed
Savior.
We
surrender
all.
We yield ourselves to you.
Holy Spirit, pray through us.
Holy Spirit,
we yield.
We humbly bow our heads to you,
and we yield.
We
surrender
all.
We
surrender
all.
All to you, our blessed
Savior,
we
surrender
all.
I hear it, so come on.
We
surrender
all.
I see, I'm looking at something.
Fine, Mama,
unless she wants to read it again, Maurice
Sklar's
word at the throne room,
at the judgment seat with the scales.
You can play the video again, or
we can get Mom. She's busy, but I
see this
when she... remember when she read that?
Yeah.
There's something about the word in the
throne room, in the courts of heaven.
I see it: Marie Skyler's word.
'We
surrender
all.
We
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my blessed
Savior,
we
surrender
all.'I
surrender my life.
I surrender my all.
Lord,
I surrender my life, Lord.
Take all of me.
Take all of us.
For the eyes of the Lord run to
and fro throughout the whole
earth,
looking for a heart who's perfect toward
him.
We
surrender
all.
We
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my blessed
Savior,
we
surrender
all. You can just play it, honey. Just
play part of
it. There's something about
the scales and the harbingers. Now, I
saw Jonathan Cahn has a brand new book
coming out about the
Pergamon Altar, I believe is what it's
called.
And he has a new book coming out. Now,
it's interesting that he brought the
video out yesterday after we were
praying for him. Now, what I was seeing
about a new book standing at a faucet...
but I said he's going to release a new
book, but I saw a writer's block. And I
was praying over that writer's block. I
was praying over the harbingers. There's
something about to be released. But he's
about to release a new book about
the Pergamon Altar, about a
thousand-year-old discovery that was dug
out of the ground.
It's about the end times and the Hitler
spirit.
I don't think this is what I was praying
over
because the book is already
written.
I mean, it probably was back at
the first of the year. It takes a while
to publish a book, maybe even last
fall.
So, I don't know. But I was praying over
a new book,
is what I saw, his writer's block, praying
for this. This is a major, significant
book. But he's talking about a new book
right now, so I thought that was
interesting because I saw it on his
channel. He said a new book's coming.
And do you see that book, son?
No. Should I get this?
Okay, good job. Do you want to
read? You can play this.
No, it's fine. I want you to play that
instead.
Got it. Okay,
you got it.
I have it.
You're good.
We can replay it over here, honey.
Tell everybody hi.
Do you want me to read it? I have
the printout right here.
No, it's fine. Don't worry about it.
Over here, you're good. We can play it
over there. Don't worry about it
tonight. We can play it right here. This
is good. This is important. It's
like you in live time.
No worries.
You need to know where
I had a vision, a prophetic
experience. As I was eating lunch
recently, suddenly a portal opened in
the spirit realm. And my angel said to
me, 'You are summoned to come to the
courtroom of heaven. You are to record
the case being tried now so that God's
people will know the lateness of the
hour. You must warn them so that the
bride may awaken and take heed. The time
is short.'I was escorted by two angels
to a seat on the left side, down front of
the Supreme Courtroom. There were many
hundreds of angels and saints already
seated before the bench. I was surprised
how much it looked like our Supreme
Court room in America, except it was
much larger. It looked more like a giant
arena with thousands of seats ascending
up as far as I could see. There were
five big leather lawyer-like chairs with
wings on each side in the front row.
They reminded me very much of the kind
of chairs my father always sat in behind
his desk at his law firm years ago.
There were gold embossed cards on them
that said recorder on all five of these
chairs. I must have been the first to
arrive and I was ushered into one of the
closest to the bench. I sat down and
sunk into this really comfortable chair
and was handed a pen in a small scroll.
I was curious as I looked at it, for it
looked really old-fashioned. The pen was
a feather quill with an old-fashioned
nib like a fountain pen at the bottom to
write with. The pad was a scroll that
was made out of parchment. It could open
automatically as you wrote on it when
you got to the bottom of the page. It
was kind of like an iPad that looked
like a small Torah scroll at the same
time. The angel showed me how it worked.
It was extremely easy to hold and write
on. When I would start to write, it
would write whatever I thought of in
perfect calligraphy script as fast as I
thought it. The nib seemed to just fly
over the parchment with ease in my hand.
It would write whatever the angel put
into my mind from what I saw and heard
to record and then would describe
perfectly any other information the Holy
Spirit deemed important in an instant as
it appeared. It was the easiest thing I
have ever written, and it seemed to do
all the work without my thinking or
trying. I think this must be heaven's
way of court legal stenography.
Most amazing of all, I was writing in
Hebrew, and I hardly know the language
at all, but somehow I understood and
thought in fluent Hebrew during this
vision. I cannot offer any explanation
for this at all. The angel said, "You
are one of the five prophet recorders
that have been summoned from the earth
to chronicle and witness this trial soon
to begin. Just let the pen flow
over the parchment and it will be a
witness to the proceedings. Then you
will sign it when it is finished and it
will be added to the eternal ledger
of legal
proceedings."Soon
the other four recorders were
seated and shown how to write as I was.
I recognized one of them as a current
prophet on earth. He was the only other
from the western world. I cannot speak
of whom it was at this time, and the
other three of them were not known to
me. We were all different races from
different regions of the earth. One was
a Chinese woman of great age who just
glowed with the wisdom and love of God.
We were dressed in black robes with red
border sashes at the sides and the
sleeves. The other prophet recorder
was a
lady from Africa who had a headdress
that wrapped around her head which
flashed rays of light whenever she
moved. She spoke and wrote in French, I
believe. The fifth was a man from South
America. I was given a yarmulke of golden
color. It had 12 ruby stones around it.
God called me to wear a yarmulke whenever
I minister on earth. So I wasn't
surprised that I had one to wear here.
When the angel put it on my head, I
could feel the weight of it was made out
of actual metal, gold, even though it
felt soft to the touch, like silk.
Everyone finally assembled, and a
great and beautiful angel who
presided
over the courtroom named Justice stood
up. She seemed to tower over us and was
about 20 ft tall. Then angels appeared
with long trumpets on either side of the
courtroom and sounded a fanfare that
ended with a blast. The angel Justice
then shouted with a very loud but
soprano voice, "All rise, the honorable
ancient of days, the judge of all
creation, the king of ages, the most
high Lord Almighty is present and
presiding."We
all stood up exactly at
the same time in unison. Then the most
awesome sound of praise and worship
filled the atmosphere as we all began to
praise his glorious majesty together. I
have never experienced such a sense of
awe as the fear of the Lord filled the
court. It was only then that I could
just make out who was seated behind the
holy bar. There were not nine judges,
but 12. God the Father sat in the middle
with six of the Supreme Court judges on
both sides of him. I somehow knew he was
the final deciding vote in every
decision. After our praise was finished,
the angel justice,
who I now saw was a lady and not a male
angel, shouted, "Be seated. The high
court is now in session."She was
standing just in front of his throne.
She had a golden gavel and struck a
giant crystalline base with it. There
was a great thunderclap and lightning
flashed out from the gavel base and flew
across the room in all directions. It
was only then that I could see the
judges behind the bench. The only person
that I could not see was the face of the
father, but I could see the throne he
sat upon and the outline of his face. He
seemed to be clothed in a white blinding
light as well. He had a black robe on,
but had every color of the rainbow
flashing out of it. If he moved even
slightly, lightning bolts would fly all
over the room out of his head, his
hands, and his feet. The other judges
on
the father's right hand were
Enoch, father Abraham, Moses the
lawgiver, David the king, Elijah
the prophet, and Daniel.
On the father's left hand were John the
Baptist, Peter, James, John, Andrew, and
Paul the Apostle. I do not know
whether these were the permanent judges
of the Supreme Court of Heaven or not,
but these were the ones seated for this
case. They all were also dressed in
these black iridescent
judge robes. There were stunning crowns
of glory on each of their heads, and
they were holding gold scepters in their
right hands. The father in the middle on
the throne of judgment held the biggest
scepter and had many crowns suspended
over his head that shot lightnings out
from out of them in every direction. I
could not look upon him or his face
because it was so bright. It was like
looking into the noonday sun.
I was given one glimpse at him when he
first came into the courtroom. There was
a rainbow that would appear that
encircled him above and below that I saw
a few times during this vision. I could
not endure looking at him for more than
a split second before I had to avert my
eyes for the white blinding brightness
was too intense. All the judges behind
the great bar were emanating great light
that was also nearly blinding.
That is the closest I can describe them
now. Then the case was read before all
present by Lady Justice the Angel. She
spoke, "This is the summary of the case
brought before the Supreme Court of
Heaven today. The timing of the final
judgments of the day of the Lord must be
decided. The accuser Satan is
prosecuting, declaring that the time of
Adam's lease is over and he must be
allowed to take ownership of the earth
for a time and times and half a time as
it is written in the holy
scriptures."Representing
the holy defense is the
Lord Yeshua Jesus the Messiah, the Lamb
of God. At this, Yeshua himself stood up
at the defense of his table as the
advocate general of the bride of Messiah
on earth. He was representing the holy
saints of God still alive in their
bodies on earth. When he stood up at the
left table, everyone bowed and worshiped
except those at the prosecution table to
the right. There was a very handsome man
who just sat stonefaced with several
other princes at the prosecution table.
They did not move. The headman sneered
as they worshiped Yeshua. Representing
the agenda of the fallen Lucifer, now
called Satan, is himself the accuser,
liar, and deceiver, HaSatan. At this,
the handsome prince with the evil smirk
stood up. No one moved. There was
silence in the courtroom for about a
minute. Then, Lady Justice spoke again.
"You may sit down now."Finally, he did so
with another sneering grunt. I marveled
that he seemed human and actually very
attractive to look at, although there
was no heavenly light in him or around
him. "The prosecution may
proceed,"Lady
Justice proclaimed. At that, this man
stood up. He was robed in a black suit
that had a long cape of crimson red that
followed behind him. He had gold
epaulets
on his shoulders that were built into
his cape. He was very articulate and
extremely haughty. I got sick to my
stomach as he spoke. He walked back and
forth in front of the courtroom in long
strides with his nose in the air. It
reminded me of a painting of
what Napoleon looked like, except this
man was much taller than Napoleon. He
began his long diatribe of accusation
against fallen man. He seemed to know
the Bible very well. Starting from Adam
and Eve, he began accusing God of
failing mankind in every generation. He
started with the stipulation, "Adam was
given exactly 6,000 years to rule the
earth. He gave that lease to me, and I
own it, and I have a right to rule over
every man, woman, and child who are mine
by Adam's free choice. The time is up. I
now demand to be given to me the
government of mankind through whom you
call the son of perdition. I call him my
son of man. I have the scriptural right
to take control of the earth for seven
years. Give it to me now."Then he sat
down again for about a minute or so.
There was complete silence. Lady Justice
then spoke again. "The defense may
proceed."Yeshua
then rose from the
defense table. He wore a white robe with
blue trim and red sleeves with a bottom
border and a neck border of red. He also
wore a small diadem of small diamonds as
a crown. Once again, when he stood up,
everyone bowed their heads before him in
worship except those at the prosecution
table. He said in summary, "As the true
son of man, I have taken the death
penalty for every generation of fallen
man, including those in this harvest
generation. I also stripped Satan of his
authority over the church of the living
God. His gates can no longer prevail
against her. Though
through the intercession of my holy
bride on earth, the overcoming
church of the living God, there has been
granted a pause by this court to allow
for the fullness of the harvest to come
in during the last hearing of this
matter in 2015, three years
ago in earth's time. For I spoke on
earth as it is written, the gospel of
the kingdom shall be preached in all the
world, and then the end shall come. I, by
the authority of the prayers and
intercession of the bride documented
here in this
scroll..."He
handed the scroll to the Father and
another copy of it to Satan's
prosecution table. "I petition the court
for another measure of time for the
end-time
church to finish and fulfill the
promise to my people as it is written
that none should perish but all who are
truly mine have the opportunity to hear
the good news of the gospel and to be
saved from
perdition."As
he was speaking, Satan, the handsome
man lawyer, was busy reading the scroll
feverishly to see if there was truly
enough intercession to stop his
immediate seizing of the earth and for
tribulation to begin. He was consulting
his other diabolical lawyers about it.
Foul language was coming out of his
mouth along with hissing and accusing
his right-hand man, saying, "You told me
that we had destroyed the prayers of the
church. The great awakening has been
thwarted."Yeshua
continued, "As you can see, my
faithful bridal remnant has kept the
faith, enduring the evil, and continue
to overcome. The blood of the martyrs
has proven their faithfulness. Look at
China. Look at the Middle East. Look at
Africa. Look at Indonesia. Look at South
America. Look at the islands of the sea.
Look at my persecuted bride in all
nations. Even America has held, though
all of hell has been thrown against
her. The facts speak for themselves. I
have the authority to request
another extension of time. The defense
petitions the court for another
extension of time and the grace that I
purchased by my blood on the cross.
Also, I petition the court to look into
the scrolls of the hidden councils
written before the foundations of earth
regarding the mysteries of the harvest
of the end of days. These Satan has no
knowledge of as they were never shown to
him. It is written there
as well as in the hidden scripture and
in the hidden revelation of scripture
that the tribulation beginning the
kingdom age must begin only after all of
my bride that are ordained to eternal
life are saved and come to the knowledge
of the truth. This information can also
be found in the scroll given by my hands
to the court for eternal record. The
evidence written in this scroll fully
confirms and documents our holy and
righteous claim, though millions
shall come to me and be saved in the
tribulation to come. My holy bride must
all be prepared now."Then there came a
time of silence. Nobody moved. The
judges on the bench were studying the
scroll. Somehow it had multiplied into
13 scrolls. All the judges, including
the Father, read through the scroll. I
got to get one glance at the writing. It
was written in red. It was written in
the blood of Yeshua. I was told that by
the chronicling angel that was helping
me to write. Amazingly, as I wrote about
this, the ink coming out of my pen
became blood red as well for the
duration of the description of it. Then
it turned back to black ink again. After
some deliberation, there was a vote.
Every judge voted in favor of the saints
to extend another time period of
grace. I cannot disclose how long it is
at this time. Finally, the Father, the
great judge of all the earth, spoke. He
said, "On the basis of the evidence
presented by the defense, I decree that
the prosecution has failed to bring a
closing to the final days of grace on
earth. An extension of time has been
granted to the saints of the overcoming
bridal remnant church. Nevertheless, the
birthing pains and judgments on the
earth will not be
stopped."That's
what he said right
then in our prayer time just before
sharing this. He said, "It will not
stop,
but I've given you a
window."And
that's what he keeps talking about.
And then I remembered this word.
He said, "The birthing pains are going
to increase. They're going to get really
intense now.
Keep going. Love.
Okay. Nevertheless, the birthing pains
and judgments on the earth will not be
stopped."Satan
has the authority to
rule over the tares of the earth, the
wicked in darkness by their willing
consent according to the tenets of free
will given to Adam's race at the
beginning of creation.
Both the tares and the wheat have grown
up and are now ready to be harvested.
Therefore, the birth pains of judgment
shall increase. Those that will abide
with me in the secret place I will
provide for and protect.
Those that do not are in more and more
peril
with each passing day.
Do you understand what he's
saying? So, if you're abiding in him, I
told you just when I was in the spirit,
he said many people are about to go home
because they're riding the fence.
They feel that they're living a life of
compromise and it's okay, Brandon. But
what's happening right now is you're a
target. If you do not get your house in
order and go be radically on fire,
you're a target because Satan's going to
pick you off. He's coming and he's
knocking on your door. If you don't come
underneath the covenant and take
communion and plead the blood over your
family on a day-to-day basis, you're
more of a target than the world.
Because he's looking and going, "Listen,
I'm going to get them.
They're living a compromising
lifestyle."I'm
not trying to scare you. I'm trying
to prepare you. The birthing pains are
intensifying even more, what I just saw.
And what I just saw going into the next
couple years, it's very bad.
This is what the Lord's warning. I want
you to read that just a little bit, love.
Go back up or just continue?
No, just keep going. Read it a
little bit. Go back up a little bit and
then start right there. Amen.
Satan has the authority to rule over
the tares of the earth, the wicked and
darkness, by their willing consent
according to the tenets of free will
given to Adam's race at the beginning of
creation. Both the tares and the wheat
have grown up and are now ready to be
harvested. Therefore, the birth pangs of
judgment shall increase. Those that will
abide with me in the secret place I will
provide for and protect. Those that do
not are in more and more peril with each
passing day.
Though I have granted this, the
final day of the Lord has indeed come,
and the prosecution is correct. The time
of grace upon the earth is nearly over.
Warn my children, this is the midnight
hour. Watch and pray that you can stand
in the evil day and overcome. I am
answering the prayers of my kingdom
according to earth. It shall come first
in the fire of my holy judgments,
but it shall also come in the great
awakening that I have promised of
revival and outpouring. The time of my
wrath is soon to engulf the earth, but
in it I will remember mercy. My many
millions of souls shall be saved and
come to the knowledge of the truth. Then
the angel, Lady Justice, came forward
and was blindfolded. She raised a large
old-fashioned scale in her hands above
her head. Into one of the bowls, a
presiding
angel poured a black sand-like
powder from a brass urn. This tipped
the scale all the way to the bottom
as far as it could descend.
That's just what I saw, the scale.
I just saw that scale tonight in the
spirit and it was way down here.
But it was a red scale. It looked
like blood. It was like a red scale.
This represented the accumulated sin and
rebellion of all of mankind as well as
the failures of the church in this
generation. Into the other bowl, a
presiding
angel dressed in a golden robe
poured a white sand-like powder from a
porcelain white urn that represented the
prayers, intercession, and obedience
of the overcoming church in generations
past as well as the bridal company of
our generation. This is what allows for
evil to be restrained. I was really
alarmed because it looked so small at
first compared to the amount of black
powder in the other bowl. But the angel
kept pouring and suddenly the holy
justice scale began to balance out. Then
it was even. As we all watched, the
scale suddenly shifted. The white bowl
went down and the black bowl came up.
There were mighty shouts of praise and
victory in the courtroom. Then the
Father raised his golden scepter in his
left hand and slammed his gavel down,
accompanied by thunderclaps and
lightning flashing everywhere with
bursts of rainbow colors shooting
through the courtroom and said, "The
time of grace shall be extended as
petitioned by the bride of Messiah for a
little longer. A blank more length of time
has been granted to finish the final
harvest in the age of grace."Note: I
have condensed what was spoken in the
trial into this brief summary. I am
forbidden to share anymore, though much
more was spoken. You can eventually go
to the library of legal proceedings in
heaven to access the entire transcript.
Of course, you will probably have to
wait for this access until you arrive
there, unless granted by the Lord
through revelation by the Holy Spirit.
Amen. Then I was told to sign the
recording scroll I had written. The
other four prophet recorders also
signed their scrolls. I noticed
that their scrolls were written in
different earthly languages. The most
visible was in Chinese. Then the vision
ended and I immediately went to my
computer and typed what I saw and heard.
Dearly beloved bride of Messiah, we must
labor now while it is light. Soon it
will be night where we cannot labor in
the harvest fields of the earth any
longer. People, get ready. Jesus is
coming. Do you understand it after
hearing that, what he's telling you
today?
Am I back?
When I was praying
and singing "I Surrender
All,"that
vision
came
up before me, hearing
of where we are in these end times.
When I was looking at Jonathan Cahn and
the Lord talking about the harbingers
and 9/11 and the significance of Rosh
Hashanah
this year,
praying into the revival, praying into
the harvest.
Even whenever he said after the rapture
of the church, there'll be millions
saved.
God wants all of us to come to the
saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus
Christ, to have a revelation that Jesus
died for us and that we accept it and
we are born again and we
are
serving him with all our hearts.
We're running out of time.
You know, this is the book, "The Altar of
Pergamon,"is
what
Jonathan Cahn is going to release in the
next
couple of days or whatever. That's the
book. But that's not the book I was
seeing, praying over this book.
This book is going to be
important obviously to him, of what the
Lord had him write. It was
interesting he just made the video
two days ago. But
you know what? I was praying about John
Kilpatrick's church, Church of His
Presence, and seeing about Rosh
Hashanah
during that time frame of
September 11th. I don't know if he's
going to his church or not during that time
frame, I don't know, but I was praying
about this.
Could be another year, could be another
book. You just never
know when you're looking into the
future.
But I just want to encourage you tonight
as I was listening to that even again
that God's given us just this little
window.
He's given us this little window and
that was years ago.
You know, that was July the 13th, Braden
said, of last year we made that video
and talking about Adam's lease coming up
and where we are. So,
that's where I was praying from, that
place.
I don't know if that ministered to you
going back over that word, but there's
something... I could feel the fire of the
Holy Ghost as I was looking over here. I
won't tell you what I saw, but
let's just pray about it. Father, we
just thank you, Father.
Where were you wanting to go with the
Lord? I feel your presence so strong.
We surrender all.
It's about the shaking to awaken
the point of no return.
The point of no return. When he said it
last year on September 23rd,
he said, "You've entered into the point
of no
return."This
is where we are.
This dispensation of grace
is coming to an end.
The point of no return for an
acceleration.
And here we are just a couple of months
away from September the 11th
praying over this time frame again like
you said, the 23rd of September was a
time of the point of no return of last
year, and then Benjamin went to
the UN and they took the vote against
Israel and all the things that took
place.
There were only like three people that
voted for Israel versus the rest of the
world from what I remember concerning
Gaza and all that was happening.
Look over that wall.
Look over the wall, Lord.
I see it.
We
surrender
all.
It's something about
Diana. What is that?
You're about to see people step into
giftings that you've never seen before.
You're going to see people walk in
healing ministries and demonstrations
like we've never seen before.
It will be mysterious to some of you.
Some of you, you've cultivated this and
cultivated it and cultivated it. But
you're going to see waves of the spirit,
waves of fragrance and presence.
Tell Mama to come here, honey.
I was just seeing about you, honey. I
was saying a cultivation.
But as I was looking
over into that, I could see you on the
stage again. And I could see
Branson. I could see Branson so good. I
could see the platforms and the
stage of... it looked like a theater.
I saw it like it was with William
Brandon. There
is
something different
that's about to take place in our
ministry and in the ministries that are
watching.
I could see the stages
of
love,
but the way the fragrance moves in,
because He said, 'I'm going to do
something I've never done before,
baby.'I
could smell it,
the fragrance that you'll
carry. Remember
the fragrance—it's the fragrance
of Him.
The Holy Spirit has a fragrance.
But as I was looking into it and looking
at Branson again, I could see it: the
glory,
the outpouring, being stationed in
Branson, being stationed in places
and
things that we've talked about. I can
see things that are about to manifest.
I'm telling you, Branson is going to be
a hot spot. Collinsville is going to be
a hot spot. Tulsa, Oklahoma is a hot
spot.
John Kilpatrick's church is a hot spot.
Perry Stone's ministry, the youth, is a
hot spot. These hot spots that I keep seeing—Andrew
Wommack,
do you know the I-35
corridor? There are hot spots. Amarillo, there
are
major, major hot spots.
The crop circles
is what I want to call them. I don't
know how—it's just they're like major
circles of the glory.
Even in Crescent, even what I'm talking
about,
God,
it's to the ones that will just say
yes and yield.
That's why I said He's examining His
troops right now.
He's examining His leadership,
for the eyes of the Lord run
to and
fro.
And then yesterday, 'I Surrender
All'played,
and I said, 'Lord...'He said, 'I'm done
tonight. I've said what I want to say.
You can pray if you want, bud,
or you can end it.'He was
done. That's why I said, 'I'm done. If
you're done, I'm done.'What has the
pulse been? I've been feeling His pulse,
the heartbeat. What has this been? 'I
Surrender
All'—the
pulse of where we are. As He said,
'I'm examining My leaders right
now.'Two
videos ago, He said, 'I'm
examining My
leaders.'He
gave the
scripture for the eyes of the Lord. Get
it again: 'For the eyes of the
Lord...'I'm
examining... 'Are you a surrendered
vessel for Me to use
for the courts of heaven?
For the eyes of the Lord run to and
fro
throughout
the whole earth, to show Himself strong
on behalf of those whose heart is loyal
to
Him.'He's
looking for the loyal hearts.
His eyes are examining His
church, right? His eyes are examining
His bride, baby.
He said, 'I'm bringing My bride to My
side.
I'm looking to see.'He's looking to see
right now what's inside of
you—the
Refiner.
He's the Refiner that's refining
with
fire, refining the clay,
refining the gold.
As I was looking into it, He's
examining His bride.
And that's what it's been. And then He
said, 'Go back to the word for
Maurice.'And
we played our video,
love, and He said, 'Read it again.
Read it.'What you read so
beautifully on the 13th. I would have
liked it fresh, but I know
she's not dolled up like she was on
that night, and I'm trying
to—I
just
shelter over you, you know.
I love you, honey. 'For the eyes of
the Lord run to and fro throughout
the whole earth, to show Himself strong on
behalf of those whose heart is loyal to
Him.
In this you have done foolishly; therefore...'I
just—when
I'm looking into
it, I'm looking at what He was talking
about for His church.
Where are we?
We are at the last of the last of this.
Are you surrendered?
I'm so excited about it, but I'm so
nervous about it because I don't want to
let Him down.
I'm like, 'Man, Father, I thank You,
Lord.'Through
the trials, through the
tribulation, through all the things you
go through with refining,
this refining comes through
these sufferings to bring forth the
greater glory.
And people said, 'Brandie, you've got to
believe for
bigger.'I
believe in
the 100,000-seat
auditorium, like
the Dallas Cowboys stadium,
the Arlington stadium, the Texas
Rangers stadium. Yes!
But I see small church gatherings, too.
It won't always just be these massive
buildings. You're going to see
churches with just 100, 200, or 300,
where
the glory of the Lord shows up
in signs and wonders. It's not
always about being big.
There
might be just a couple hundred
people there,
50 people there. It's in His presence;
it doesn't matter about numbers.
It's just Him, the manifested presence
of the Lord. People get caught up on
numbers; get caught up in Him.
The glory...
'For the eyes of the Lord run to
and fro
throughout the whole earth.'Remember, I
saw Hollywood,
and I saw celebrities in celebrity homes,
and Diana and I went,
and there was a group of celebrities, and
the glory of the Lord
filled the house. I remember
the Lord said, 'This will
come.'And
then Brandon Brim said,
'I'm starting a church in
Montecito.'And
the Lord said, 'The glory of the Lord
is
going to show up in these
buildings.
I'm going to do a major revival with the
celebrities.'They
don't want to go around a
lot of public because it's too much of a
distraction, but they'll have a glorious
outpouring in their homes. I saw this,
and I saw the presence of the Lord
filling,
and He was touching all the
hearts.
I'm excited, Diana. I'm telling you, I
have anticipation tonight. What I'm
seeing again, He said, 'Read
it.'The
scales—when
He talked about the two years,
He said, 'Brandon, this time frame...'He said,
'You'll enter into an acceleration of
time on September the
11th.'And
I'm just praying for that, for the
two-year
window of that Shemitah cycle.
Jesus,
that name above all names.
Thank You, Father.
I don't know where to take it.
I feel His presence so strong on me.
I saw an angel right over here just
a second ago, and he was looking, and I
wondered what he was wanting to say,
but he didn't say
anything.
And I was thinking, 'What?'I feel the
glory. I felt the fire in my face
when he entered. And I was thinking,
'What is that all
about?'But
you were reading that prophetic word,
love.
If you want, just come down. You can sit
down by me, but you don't have to.
If you want
to put your glasses on,
maybe she could read some of
this.
I'm
just feeling His pulse.
Whenever He was talking in that vision,
He was saying
that the prayers of the saints, the
prayers of the righteous,
were coming up before Him.
And that was the white and the purity
that was in the scale. And the Lord
said, 'I want you to go on YouTube and
bring forth prayer people. Teach them.
Provide
an oasis for them to
drink every day so that they can get
refreshed and go dump it out.
Be an oasis
so that they can get
refreshed.'Read
books and teach them, like this book.
We brought this book to you,
just reading books of old. This is a
newer book, but just of John... Dr...
the Father Nash book, and just reading
over things and going over it and
going over it.
Be that place of an oasis so people can
get refreshed and go dump it out.
I've done my best. I only rely on Him so
that people can come and drink.
I said, 'I don't know what that looks
like.
They're
weary.'We've
done our best with it so far. I
try.
Jesus,
name above all names.
I'm still trying to figure out what that
angel wanted, but I could see him in the
vision, and he was standing there, and he
was monitoring the room.
And I was thinking, 'What is he
doing?'But
he didn't speak, so I didn't know
what to say. So I just sat there and
looked,
and he was looking over the room in
Braden. He was looking...
I could feel the presence and the glory
at my face. It felt like fire
when he entered in.
I said, 'Oh Lord,
thank You, Father.
We acknowledge You.
We glorify
Your name
in all the earth.
We glorify
Your name.
Your name
in all the earth.
Now, Father, we pray over the buildings
in New York. We lift up the buildings.
We lift up President Trump in the name
of Jesus as he goes to this game.
Father, we thank you, Lord. No weapon
formed against them will prosper all
throughout the city, all throughout the
land. Father, we call forth peace in
Jesus'name.
Hey,
sorry, I didn't mean to break the
prayer.
You're good. I'm just praying over
President Trump.
Lord,
it's not that day.
It's not the day. That's not—see, I told
you, too much security.
That's not the day. The next game,
that's not the day. I see it'll be—we
still—he's
highlighting the 14th.
Pray over the 14th. As we're praying
over the 14th, it's not about the
next
game. This is the time frame.
It's about his
birthday.
He is stationing
Billy and them in Israel for
a reason.
They're all going on that tour. I see
Pastor Candace. I see them all over
there for a reason. They're going to
pray. There'll be prayer time. I see a
prayer gathering over these
people going to this Israel tour.
Lord,
there's a planned attack against
Israel. They're going to
pray this through.
I see prayer keys as they touch the
land.
As they go into Jerusalem, as they go
into the uttermost parts, I see a prayer
covering going with them.
Pastor Candace and them right now. They're
all headed to—they're going to go to
Israel. And I see a prayer covering is
going in with them in Israel. Billy and
the tour.
You hear me? I know you do.
I see a surprise attack trying to come
against Israel in the night.
I see it in the night. I see a covering
of prayer that is being on assignment
when we thought, 'Man, it's kind
of—I
wouldn't go to Israel
right now.'This is a play. But I see a
strategic assignment.
Prayer coverings.
It's very—this is very important.
I see prayer coverings.
Seasoned
prayer warriors. Seasoned prayer
warriors,
not people that are not
seasoned. I wonder
who else is going over there.
I hear seasoned prayer warriors.
It's the WWPs.
Let's pray over their protection as they
go. That's what we're going. Father, we
pray over Billy's group. We pray over
this tour group. We pray over them right
now in the name of Jesus. A thousand
shall fall at their side and ten thousand at
their right hand, but nothing shall come
nigh them. We plead the blood of Jesus
over Pastor Candace and Pastor Chip. We
pray over Billy and whoever else is
going, the family, any of the other
family. We cover them in the blood. We
cover them in the name of Jesus as they
go to Israel right now. They're headed
to Israel. We plead the blood of Jesus
over our pastors, over Billy
Brim and over her family. We cover them if
Hannah goes, if Shelly or
Brenda, we cover all of
them in the blood in the name of Jesus.
No weapon formed against them
shall
prosper. We plead the blood over them.
If Lynn is going, we cover her in the
blood. We cover the family in the blood.
In the name of Jesus,
all tours,
every person who's participating in
this, the blood of Jesus. I don't know
if Max is going. We
pray over Max, his wife, anybody else.
If they are all going, we cover them in
the blood tonight.
And
the
Lord is stationing them in prayer. Stationed in prayer. Stationed in prayer.
An acceleration is to come.
I see acceleration. I see acceleration
as you look towards Israel. The fig
tree. Look at the fig tree. Look at the
fig tree. I see it.
I see a fig tree that is ripe. I see fig
trees that are ready to be picked. I
see figs on a fig tree. I see the fig
tree full of figs.
I see a fig tree full of figs
and they're ripe.
I see a fig tree that is full of figs
and it is ripe.
And the land will shake
and the land will shake
and the Mount of Olives will shake.
The land will shake.
I see the Mount of Olives shake.
An
earthquake will take place. I see a
shaking. A shaking on the Mount of
Olives. I see a shaking. An earthquake
will take place.
Shake, shake.
I see a mount. The mount shaking. I
see the Mount of Olives shaking. Shaking,
shaking.
Shake,
shake it. Shake,
shake.
And you'll see the Vatican shake. You'll
see the Vatican shake. Shake,
I'm going to shake it. Shake
it.
The Dome of the Rock will shake. The
Dome of the Rock will shake. I see
cracks in the Dome of the Rock,
so
much so that you can't inhabit it.
It will shake. The Dome of the Rock will
shake.
I see cracks that you can't even go in.
I'm talking uninhabitable.
It will shake.
I see a shaking,
a shaking in it. I'm talking massive
cracks,
massive cracks. The Mount of Olives shake.
This will be a sign of the time. This
will be a sign of the time. And there will
be a
shaking in the Catholic Church, a
shaking in the Vatican,
a shaking across your land, a
shaking all across your land with signs
and wonders. Signs and wonders. These
will be signs,
signs and wonders. There'll be signs,
signs in the earth, shaking in your
earth's crust, shaking in your land,
shaking in the land,
strategic shakings.
There'll be a shaking in Malibu to tell
you that there's a change
coming.
I see a shaking in Malibu to tell you
there's a change coming.
There'll be shakings in California,
unusual. There'll be shaking. A change
is coming. Ahead, there's a change
coming,
a change of my glory, a change of
my glory, like it was
Azusa
Street shaking.
There was an earthquake right before.
You hear me?
A shaking in the land,
a shaking in Malibu, a shaking,
shaking in Malibu. There'll be a shaking
in Malibu.
This is a sign. The Lord said, 'This is
a sign, this is a sign. A shaking in
Malibu, a shaking in Malibu.
A season of change, a season of glory, a
manifestation of my presence,
and shaking in Israel, shaking
for
change. Shakings of change.
Shakings of change. Great shakings
across the land, great shaking in the
land, great shaking in the land. I hear
the Lord say, 'You'll see a shaking in
the land. You'll see a shaking in the
land. For my time
is
coming to an end.'You'll see this. A
shaking
in the land.
You'll see a shaking in the Vatican.
You're going to see a shaking
and it'll be a shaking in Malibu, a
shaking, a sign of a change.
A sign of a change.
It's a changing of a tide, a
changing of tide, a changing of the
water, a cultivation of new
water
for a great revival you will see coming
across all California, a great revival.
He's going to shake California.
It'll
be a shaking in
Portland. A shaking in Portland.
Yeah,
he's going to do signs,
shaking. It's shaking and it's going to
shake the Dome of the Rock. It's going
to split it. I see the Dome
of the Rock have big cracks in it.
He's
going
to show you. He said, 'I'm going to
show you the fig tree's full, son.
The figs are ripe.
I told you to watch the fig tree and the
fig tree is ripe.
The fig tree is ripe. The fig tree is
ripe.'He
says,
'The fig tree is ripe. There's big figs
on that fig tree. Watch the fig tree.
And a shaking in Malibu. A shaking in
Malibu. A shaking in Malibu. The clock
is
in a motion to bust.
It will be a significant shaking.
It's not a little tremor. He said, 'I
will do a significant shaking in these places and
in the
Mount of Olives on the Dome
of the Rock.'It's a significant shaking
and the walls begin to shake. This is a
sign,
this is a sign. He said the walls were
shaken.
Do you hear me? It is the Lord. I hear it
and I see the Vatican shaking. The
Vatican shaking.
And there'll be unusual earthquakes
on false god temples.
I'm bringing those temples down.
Thousand-year-old
structures will come to
the ground.
Thousands of years old structures will
come to the ground. I'm going to shake
those old false temples to the ground.
And this will be a sign
that I'm shaking false religion. I'm
shaking the church. I'm shaking
Israel. And I'm going to shake America.
I'm going to shake it.
He says,
"I'm going to shake
it."And
many
will see shakings in false temples,
false gods'temples, monkey temples.
They're coming to the ground. He says
they're coming to the ground. I'm
shaking false religion. I'm going to
shake false religion. I'm going to
shake it to the ground.
And there'll be a great shaking in it.
There'll be a great shaking. Oh, I see a
shaking.
And this is what's going to happen in
the natural, and you're going to see it
happen in the spiritual.
A shaking in the spirit realm.
A shaking across this land. A shaking.
That's what he said. "I'm going to shake
it
some."It's
a season of change for
the greater glory. You'll see the
manifestation of the greater glory.
You'll see
shaking in the church. "I told you I will
shake the church, Brandon. I will shake
the church."And it's not just about the
charismatics. I'm going to shake the
Catholic Church. I'm going to shake the
Vatican. There's 1.4 billion Catholics.
That's why.
I'm going to shake the Catholic Church.
Yep. Thousand-year-old temples will fall to
the ground. Shaking, shaking, shaking.
For the fig tree is ripe.
The fig tree is ripe. There's big figs
on that fig tree, and they are ripe.
It's so full.
It looks beautiful. It's so
full,
and they're all ripe.
Taste and see. Watch what happens
with Israel. Watch what happens. He
said, "Shake, shake, shake, shake,
shake.
It's a warning to wake
up."You
wake somebody, you shake them. If
she's asleep and I say, "Diana, get up.
Get up. Get up."And she stays asleep,
and next thing I go, "Babe, wake up. We
got to go. Jesus is
coming."You
shake them. So a shaking
is important to the people who are
asleep.
You're already awake, right? Because
you're here at night, whatever time
it is. And they're here and they're
praying. So you already know you're
awake, but there's millions, if not
billions, that are asleep. Billions. And
so he had to go, "It's time to shake
you. It's time to shake you. You got to
get up."So you're going to see signs of
it in the earth. And the Lord says,
"A
shaking of change, a shaking of change.
It's time for change.
It's time for change of the glorious
church to rise."You're going to see it
as they bring the bride to his side.
And the church is more than just the
charismatic church
and the non-denominationals.
He's talking about the Baptists, the
Methodists, the Catholics, the
Church of Christ, all of them. He's
going to shake the church.
Hallelujah. Today.
Hallelujah.
Shake in Africa.
Glory to God, baby.
Hallelujah.
Shake them off.
Shake them, oh Lord. Shake them. Shake
them. Wake them up, Father. Wake them up
across the land. Oh Jesus, wake them up.
Wake
them
up, Lord.
Come and get us then. Come and get us.
Let's go home.
I'll get it for you.
Here you go, baby. You're welcome. Cough
drop.
Isn't Jesus wonderful, Diana?
He wants to shake the land, babe.
He wants to wake people up.
That's out of mercy. Yeah, some people
probably could lose their life.
That could happen. I can see it.
These are big
earthquakes I see.
But it's about shaking
up the majority. There's people
that are asleep. And this will be a sign
when the Dome of the Rock is split.
He's going to shake. That's a sign
of shaking the Muslims.
And isn't it interesting, why was
I
thinking why the Dome of the Rock?
Because that's where Muhammad, I guess,
touched down before he went up, right?
He said, "I'm going to shake it. I'm
going to split
it."I
don't remember. I'm not a Muslim, so I
just know that that Rock represents
something. But I saw a shaking of it. I
saw a shaking of
Mount of Olives. Why Mount of Olives?
What's up with the Mount of Olives? What
was that about? Why is the Mount of Olives
important? I don't know, but I saw a
shaking on Mount of Olives. I heard it. The
Lord said, "I'm going to shake the Mount
of Olives. What's going to happen on
Mount of
Olives?"And
then he said, "I'm going to shake
the Vatican, and I'm going to shake
Malibu."What's
up with Malibu?
Why Malibu? And then he said, "I'm going
to shake
Portland."Oh,
he said, because the season of
change is beginning. "I'm going to bring
a revival into Malibu."So it must be
where the celebrities are.
They live in Salibu,
Montecito,
Malibu. Right. So he said,
"I'm bringing..."It's a
symbolization of change. He's going to
bring revival to the celebrities.
He's going to use those celebrities to
help bring in the harvest. That's
what he's talking about. Mel Gibson
and using the Passion of the Christ movie.
He's going to use... there's going to be a
shaking,
and it'll be a sign. Signs are
coming. Signs are coming. Shake, shake,
shake across the land.
Hallelujah.
I'm going to shake the land.
He says,
"I'll shake the sand."He said, "I'm going
to shake the land. I'm going to shake
the sand.
I'm going to shake the mountains. I'm
going to shake the land,
shaking false temples with monkeys.
False religion. False
religion."Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord. Praise the
Lord.
"I'll shake the land,"he says.
"I just want to give him a big
hug."Now
I understand why the angel was
there. He was watching over that word.
He knew it was coming.
Hallelujah. I'm going
to shake the world. Shake it. Shake it,
Lord. Let's do it. Let's go.
Be a bride. That Dome of the
Rock. Yep. See, he's going to shake that
gold thing.
He's going to shake it, son.
It's going to be a sign.
Signs shaking the Muslim faith, shaking
the Catholics, shaking the
representation of the Christian church,
shaking politics. I don't
know what that maybe Malibu, Hollywood.
That's a representation of
Hollywood, I guess. Shaking of false
religions.
You'd think it would be Hollywood Hills, but
something about Malibu. Why Malibu?
That's interesting to me.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for all you have in
store.
We magnify you, Lord.
Glory, glory, glory.
And
in
that
day, his feet will stand on
the Mount of Olives.
That's cool. What is that? Zechariah
14:4.
"And in
that day, his feet will stand on
the Mount of Olives, which faces
Jerusalem on the east, and the Mount of
Olives shall be split in two from the
east to the west,
making a very large valley. Half of the
mountain shall move toward the north and
half of it toward the
south."Is
this when he returns?
I think so.
Zechariah,
yes.
So that's the earthquake.
"I'm going to shake the Mount of Olives.
And in that day, his feet will stand on
the Mount of Olives, which
faces
Jerusalem on the east, and the
Mount
of Olives shall be split in two from the
east to the west, making a very large
valley. Half of the mountain shall move
toward the north and half of it toward
the
south."So
it will shake Jerusalem. It will
shake that false god Dome of the
Rock. He's going to split it.
"I'm going to
shake the Mount of Olives, son.
The fig tree is..."Oh, goodness gracious,
Lord.
I could run around the house.
That is so cool.
Good find, Braden.
That is so cool, buddy.
Hallelujah. That's what I saw. It's
a big earthquake. I said it's not a
little earthquake; it's going to be big.
I'm going to say he's going to split it.
And in that day, his feet will stand on
the Mount of Olives which faces Jerusalem
on the east. So he's going to shake the
temple with it; it's going to split it.
And the Mount of Olives shall be
split in two
from the east to the west, making a very
large valley. Just think of what that's
going to do to that
temple. That's going to split that
temple. I saw massive—it was
uninhabitable.
Half of the mountain shall be moved
toward the north, and half toward the
south. I wonder, is that whenever he
actually comes back in
the
Tribulation?
That's when that's touchdown.
So I'm looking after the seven years.
Well, I want it now, Lord. Let's do it
today. Well, the other part was about
Malibu. He said, 'Pray for Malibu. A
change is
coming.'So
then he said, 'Pray for
that.'And
then I saw a shaking of the Catholic
Church. And I believe
that's now.
So I wonder if part of it is for later and
part of it's now, because I'm hearing all
in the spirit.
That's pretty cool, y'all. That's pretty
cool right there. The scripture:
'Behold, the day of the Lord is coming,
and your spoil will be divided in your
midst. For I will gather all the nations
to battle against Jerusalem. The city
shall be taken, the houses
rifled, and the women ravished. Half of
the city shall go into captivity, but
the remnant of the people shall not be
cut off from the
city.'Then
the Lord will go forth and fight
against those nations, as he
fights in the day of battle. And in that
day,
his feet will stand on the
Mount of Olives, which faces Jerusalem
on
the east. So he is
coming back with vengeance.
He's coming back as a
lion—the
Lion.
Oh, what a day! This is going to be
amazing. Do you get
excited? I just get excited. He's
coming. The King is coming.
I'm going to shake the land. But there
was major shaking—shaking in false
religion, shaking in that. 'I'm going
to
shake the land.'And he says,
'I get
excited.'Hallelujah.
And it shall come to pass in that day
that there will be no light, and the
light will diminish. It shall be one day
which is known to the Lord, neither day
nor
night, but at evening time
it shall happen that it will be light.
That's going to be wild. And
in that
day, living waters shall
flow from Jerusalem.
Hallelujah.
Well, I pray you got something out of
that tonight. It sure blessed me. I'm
glad I stayed a little late. I kept
y'all until after midnight here in
Central, but glory to God for his time
and what he has to share. And thank you
for showing up. You helped pull that
out. I appreciate that you're here,
baby. I love you.
I
have to say,
you have to stick around me more often.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for this time
of prayer tonight.
The
fig trees were beautiful and
full of figs.
The leaves were beautiful. It was ready
for picking. What does
it represent? He said, 'Watch
the fig tree.
Watch the fig tree.'And we'll leave you
with that.
Keep your eyes to the sky. Jesus Christ
is coming, ladies and gentlemen. And
there's a shaking in all these areas.
We know what's happening, and
we're not scared about it at all. We're not
freaked out; we're not upset. Why?
Because
we know our eyes are on him. And Jesus
Christ is going to shake this land, and
we're going to see a major harvest. He's
bringing the bride to his side, and I'm
excited; I'm a part of it. Are you? We
will be the generation that doesn't
taste death. We will see our Father, and
he's coming sooner than we think.
I'm excited, and you should be too.
We love y'all. Thank you for joining us
tonight. Remember, put a smile on your
face.
Hold on.
If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal Savior, tonight's
your night. I'll say a simple prayer with
you. I know I've kept you late, but this
is the most important decision you could
ever make.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, I don't know
if
Jesus will ever accept me.'Oh, he
is waiting with open arms.
If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal Savior, there
might just be a few of you. Millions
have come, but there's still room for
one.
Is your all on the altar?
A sacrifice made. Does
the Spirit
control?
For millions have come,
but there's still room for
one—you—as
you yield him your body and soul.
I just want you to repeat this prayer
after me.
Say, 'Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God. I
believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
And you're now seated at the right hand
of the Father making intercession for
me.
Jesus, I'm a sinner, and I repent of my
sins tonight.
Jesus, forgive me of my sins
as of tonight. Lord,
I turn my back on the sin. I turn my
back on the devil and what I've been
doing in the past.
I dedicate my life to you. I give my
life to you.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
From this day forward, I'll serve you
with all I have.
Jesus, I make you my Lord and personal
Savior.
And if I die tonight, Lord, I'll be with
you in paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord, that today I'm saved
and I've got a fresh, clean start.
Thank you, Lord, that you've invited me
into your home. You've invited me to be
your son, your daughter. And I believe
that I am born again today in Jesus'name.
Amen.'I
believe if you just said
that prayer, you just asked Jesus Christ
to be your Lord and personal Savior. It's
not something religious; it's about
relationship, and it's of the
heart.
And I believe if you just did that, you
just invited Jesus Christ to be your
Lord and personal Savior. Now, what do
you do? You go to a
Bible-believing
church. Go in
there, tell them, say, 'Hey, listen. I
got born again watching some guy...
I
said the sinner's prayer watching
some guy on YouTube. I want to be water
baptized.'Get
water baptized, get
plugged into that church, read your
Bible every day, and pray. If you don't
have a Bible, we will send you a Bible
absolutely free just to say, 'Hey,
congratulations. We love you. We're
excited you're here.'If you said that
prayer tonight and you want that Bible,
all you have to do is email us in the
description down below. Put in the
headline, 'I got saved.'Give us
your name, your address. We will never
solicit you or try to bother you ever
again. We just want to tell you
congratulations on accepting Jesus
Christ and what kind of
wonderful decision you've made. We want
to love on you. Thank you for being
here. And if you said that prayer
tonight, welcome to the family. To you
that have been backsliding and not been
living right, welcome back home. We're
not here to judge you and beat you down.
We're just here to love you and to say,
'Welcome home, soldier. Welcome home,
daughter. Welcome home, son. We're
excited you came back home.'Jesus has
never left you and never
forsook
you. He's always been there with
his arms wide open, just loving on you.
He's an ever-present help in a time of
need. He's always been there, and he's
always loving on you. He's always
looking. He saved the best for
last. And you've come to the kingdom for
such a time as this. Even tonight, in the
middle of the night, you've come to the
kingdom for such a time as this. 'Welcome
home, son, daughter.'That's what he's
saying. Isn't that wonderful? I don't
know if anybody said the prayer tonight,
but Braden, doing the math—we did it
really quick for
you—sixteen
of you did it. So all sixteen of you,
welcome home. That's wonderful. Welcome
home. I'm excited you all said the
prayer tonight with us. Isn't
Jesus wonderful? Well, as we close
now, thank you for being with us. It's
Wednesday night, late tonight. Now it's
already Thursday. We'll be back again
to
pray with y'all some more. We're so
thankful for your time. Thank you for
being with us. We pray you were richly
blessed and you're stirred
up in your spirit, excited, and
Jesus Christ is coming. I'm excited.
I'm glad I showed up. So,
we'll go over this book next time, I
believe. Maybe if I pull Diana away
from her other duties and have her come
over and read to me, I love it when
she's able to. She's so busy. You all
pray for Diana. She needs strength. She
works her tail
feathers off. I told her, I said, 'Baby,
I've never seen somebody work as hard as
you do.'But, very thankful for her
and even being able to spend time with me
tonight. So thankful. I'm excited
when you come. I got my girlfriend with
me. So, I love you all. We love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you and
we love you. God bless you and we'll see
you again soon. Bye-bye.